it's a very complex characterization of
your father but now you also
interestingly enough in the 80s so you
would have been in your 20s at that
point despite the fact that your father
had this very complex character and was
toying with the edges of propriety let's
say at minimum you also felt compelled
to rise to his defense and you did that
very publicly and so I'm very curious
like what how would you you obviously
love your father and that in itself no
that's that I want to clarify that
because a lot of people hold me up as
some kind of poster child for adolescent
Rebellion against parents and in fact I
was a really dutiful daughter I really
uh went to bat for both of my parents
and all of my upbring even though they
never came to school to defend me when I
was being bullied and picked on I just
had to learn how to fight myself but um
yes I I always uh
felt uh until I was an adult in parted
ways with my father I mean I always felt
that we were buddies that we were really
close and uh yeah I mean obviously I
looked up to him as the you know Jehovah
God kind of archetype except in Satan
form and um which is interesting because
I think that's a lot of how his
followers do look up to him as like a
kind of satanic Jehovah so um and they
treat him in the same way um and and uh
so so it is not really that I was such a
rebellious kid I was a very obedient
beautiful daughter and I you know there
was only even though I was left to my
own uh left on my own quite a lot
growing up my um I mean my mother and
well both of them made it clear that
that there are only certain rules which
is don't do anything that is going
to drag us into a negative light which I
in hindsight I think is really funny
because as if they didn't do enough
themselves to do that but I couldn't do
for example I didn't have the luxury of
having a drug problem that just couldn't
happen because that would reflect badly
on my parents so that that was something
that you know although they were uh
pretty uh pretty logically open-minded
about if you want to experiment you know
let us know know and that kind of pseudo
liberal attitude
however by their behavior and and by
their um by things that my father would
say about really being very anti-drug it
didn't take a a genius to know that he
would not have been happy if I had gone
down that route so I was constantly um
you know keeping myself in check and
being sure that I lived up to what his
what his standards were which was really
idiosyncratic obviously so so so what
I'm trying to say about rebellion what
I'm trying to explain about rebellion is
I was not a rebellious child in fact I
always felt like it was us our little
Clan against the world and and I and I
was very rebellious against other
authority figures like in school or out
in out in the world um and I was really
a scrappy kind of warrior in that way
but I always felt like there was the
core family that was solid and tight and
um and I and I continued to feel that
way until the split with my father and
even and I would even characterize when
I uh severed ties with my father not as
a Act of rebellion but just as simply
Severance as putting an end that was the
end forever so that wasn't you know
because Rebellion implies a kind of
relationship it implies that that you
know a child will test the limits this
way and then the parent will push back
that way and there will be a give and
take and a given take I never had any of
that never did any of that I reached my
limit and then there was a Tipping Point
and then I was done and it was a clean
sance and I never went back and I never
it was not even Rebellion it was just
I'm done you've pushed me too far and I
can't even uhhuh yeah okay so so let me
ask you two questions about that because
there's another Paradox about your
father I mean in the Satanic rituals for
example it certainly appears that he's
perfectly willing to harness let's say
um sexual activity for the purposes of
the church and there is an overlap with
a kind of sexual Hedonism there but you
also characterize him as someone who
essentially had a Law and Order
orientation and and and it was very
strict with
regards for example to your own behavior
at at least on the drug side and so
those are very difficult things to bring
together right so you have this mellan
person he's narcissistic he's a real
real he's a real showman he's drawing
all sorts of attention to your family
and and he's a celebrator of
what's unacceptable and yet there's an
element of him too that's Al aligned
more with the law and order types and so
and then you also brought into that your
sense yep go
ahead no finish your thought I'll try
well you also brought into there
something else that's interesting which
was you know you were a dutiful person
and your initial presumption which I
think is the default presumption of a
daughter is that your primary loyalty
was to your family and that you felt
that your family was an embattled unit
now you know that is a trick that maav
ellian use with people who are close to
them right they tend to sever their ties
to other people people and keep them
intensely focused on what's prox very
aware that yeah to prize loyalty Above
All Else and so use the word
we they use the word we so that you're
dragged into the we yeah well and I
can't see how in some how you could have
escaped that as a child right I mean
especially if you're relatively dutiful
in your personality because you're going
to assume especially if your father's
also charismatic your your primary
Allegiance is going to be to
and so you think you believe that that
was
what motivated your participation as a
high priestess say let's say in the
1980s is that you were still on the side
of your family you still believed that
your father okay so how did the evidence
mount for you that the orientation that
you had in relationship to your father
was of the sort that would eventually
have to be severed like how the hell did
you come about that Revolution that was
a gradual process
like most things in life things don't
just really things don't just happen out
of the blue things don't just happen
suddenly there's leadup there's and and
I've always been a really patient person
and I give people a lot of chances and a
lot of benefit of the doubt and I've
always sometimes stupidly so but I've
always tried to see actually the good in
people even reprehensive
um I've known a lot
of you people who by any normal uh
standards of society would think you
would think that these people are Beyond
The Pale they're totally Psychopathic
and and horrible and you know I mean
that's that's a a matter of uh
psychological analysis that's not for me
to say what their diagnoses are I'm just
saying that by normal standards they
would be seen that way um and yet
because I've known such people in
perfectly normal I I wouldn't say
perfectly nothing about my life has been
perfectly normal but I mean I've I've
known them as in the same way that I'm
talking to you now just talking normally
and um so I could always see uh yeah I
mean I saw the problems in in such
people including my father um but in the
case of him in particular uh so that was
a gradual process but but because I
would always say to him what's the party
line what do you want me to say I I was
a a mouthpiece for him but at the same
time because he would just say like he
was so out of touch with reality he
would just say crazy things like you
know talk about celebrities and that's
all he cared about was that people saw
him in an entertaining and exciting and
kind of cocktail party conversation kind
of way he really had no interest or
concern about
about you know the phenomena that was
happening that that were happening in
the country at that time with innocent
people being uh accused of horrible
things that didn't interest him at all
so so what happened with me is um you
know I be I would begin uh kind of
having
to either either I would have to uh you
know push him a little more like say
well I'm not really sure that they're
going to want to talk about Jane
Mansfield and Marilyn minro and things
like and I would say you know but but
you know these people are being accused
of being members that aren't even
members of the Church of St and things
things like this and so anyway what I
had to do because there was a lot of
cognitive cognitive dissidence happening
um what I had to do is be his mouthpiece
and yet uh filter it through my
personality through my conscience and I
had to live with it so you know I would
phrase things in such a way that
according to my personality what I could
live with up to the degree that I was
still promoting his vision and he and it
was never about me it was always and I
always held you know held him up as the
uh you know this is I'm here on behalf
of um and so gradually what happened is
some people would start coming forth to
me and telling me about things about his
life that I didn't know about um people
in the public would just say oh do you
know that it would be horribly
embarrassing but they'd say well do you
know we this part of the Satanic Bible
came from or do you know where that
really came from and of course because I
lived in a vacuum and a bubble in my
family so I just accepted and this is
the best way for melians who are
narcissistic is to get people to be very
credible Defenders of them is is is if
you if you can uh convince an innocent
person that all of your facade is
true and you send them forth they will
be very credulous and they will be very
credible and they will seem very
convincing and of course that's the
problem of what I have to live with
today is I still get so many satanists
that come to my website or come to my
social media pages and clueless and say
how can I join you know how can I so
where do I sign up and it's like you
didn't get the memo 30 years ago or over
30 years ago
[Music]